vercel preview article (#151)
argos-ci/argos-ci.com: articles/run-argos-on-vercel-preview/index.mdx

---
title: "How to Integrate Argos for Visual Testing with Vercel Preview: A Comprehensive Guide"
description: "Learn how to set up Argos visual testing integration on Vercel Preview deployments using GitHub Actions, enhancing your CI/CD pipeline for better visual regression detection."
category: Developer Experience
slug: run-argos-on-vercel-preview
author: Greg Bergé
date: 2024-04-01
image: ./main.jpg
imageAlt: Vercel covered with Argos
---

Argos now offers a smooth integration with Vercel Preview for visual testing, enabling users to effectively identify visual regressions in an environment that closely simulates production. This guide provides a detailed walkthrough on configuring Argos on Vercel Preview through GitHub Actions, including shared source code for straightforward replication.

<MainImage />

## The Benefits of Visual Testing with Vercel Preview

-**Cost Efficiency in CI**: Eliminate the need for duplicate application builds, saving time and resources.

> - **Enhanced Test Reliability**: Run visual tests in an environment that mirrors production, ensuring consistency and accuracy.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Enhanced Test Reliability**: Can connect to your test preview to your staging API to mirrors production, ensuring consistency and accuracy.
```

Reviewer: CONS: can increase the testing time if the build take too much time.

Author: It's actually not true, if you run tests locally you have to build anyway.

Reviewer: You are right, it's if the deployment takes time

Author: Staging API is not something relevant here especially because on Vercel you use server actions and depending your website you don't have staging (see argos-ci.com).

          # Read more about GITHUB_TOKEN here: https://docs.github.com/en/actions/security-guides/automatic-token-authentication
          GITHUB_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.GITHUB_TOKEN }}
          # Set `BASE_URL` with Vercel Preview URL
          BASE_URL: ${{ github.event.deployment_status.environment_url }}
          # If the test runs on the production deployment, use "main" as branch
          # Here's "main" must be the reference branch set up in Argos
          ARGOS_BRANCH: ${{ github.event.deployment_status.environment == 'Production' && 'main' || '' }}
```

For a comprehensive explanation of each step involved, refer to the [Argos Preview Deployment Guide](https://argos-ci.com/docs/run-on-preview-deployment).

Upon completion, you will receive status checks on GitHub:

![GitHub pull request check statuses](/assets/articles/run-argos-on-vercel-preview/argos-checks.png)

## Project Source Code

Explore the GitHub repository for the source code of this integration:

- [GitHub Repository](https://github.com/jsfez/argos-vercel-preview)
- [Example of pull request that runs tests against preview](https://github.com/jsfez/argos-run-argos-on-vercel-preview/pull/2)

## Conclusion

> Vercel Preview and Argos are like two sides of the same coin in web development. Vercel Preview helps you check that everything works as planned, and Argos is there to catch any visual slips that might have gone unnoticed. Together, they make a great team, giving developers the peace of mind that their sites will look and work beautifully across all screens.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vercel Preview and Argos form a powerful duo in web development. Vercel Preview allows hands-on, manual verification of your web applications in real environments. Argos leverage automated visual regression testing, catching any discrepancies across devices and browsers. This combination, they make a great team, giving developers the peace of mind that their sites are both functionally robust and beautifully across all screens.
